docs(review): review content (#1967)
scaleway/docs-content: dedibox-console/my-account/how-to/outsource-dedibox.mdx

  paragraph: This page explains how to outsource your Dedibox.
tags: dedibox outsource
dates:
  validation: 2023-07-24
  posted: 2020-03-12
categories:
  - account
---

When you opt for outsourcing a Dedibox dedicated server, you entrust the technical management of your machines and services to another Scaleway Dedibox account while retaining control over your main account.

> By outsourcing your servers, you grant permission to a third party to handle the management on your behalf. This means the designated Dedibox account holder will have access to all the necessary technical details of your Dedibox. However, it's important to note that they will not be able to view your billing information or make any changes to the services within your primary account. This ensures that you maintain full control over your billing and service configurations while benefiting from external technical expertise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By outsourcing your servers, you grant permission to a third party to handle management on your behalf. This means the designated Dedibox account holder will have access to all the necessary technical details of your Dedibox. However, it is important to note that they will not be able to view your billing information or make any changes to the services within your primary account. This ensures that you maintain full control over your billing and service configurations while benefiting from external technical expertise.
```
